README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="media/task-genius.webp" alt="Task Genius Logo" width="300">

  **The Ultimate Task Management Plugin for Obsidian**

  [![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-9.0.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/Quorafind/Obsidian-Task-Genius)
  [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1382008288706695229?color=7289da&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/ARR2rHHX6b)

  [Documentation](https://taskgenius.md) • [Installation](#installation) • [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/ARR2rHHX6b)
</div>

---

## Overview

Task Genius transforms Obsidian into a powerful task management system with advanced features, beautiful visualizations, and seamless workflow integration - all while preserving Obsidian's philosophy of plain-text, future-proof note-taking.

---

## Core Features

| Feature | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| **Task Management** | Visual progress bars, status cycling, bulk operations, and smart task hierarchies |
| **Date & Priority** | Calendar integration, recurring tasks, multiple date types, and visual priority indicators |
| **View Modes** | Inbox, Forecast, Projects, Tags, Calendar, Gantt charts, Kanban boards |
| **Workflows** | Multi-stage workflows with automatic timestamping, templates, and process tracking |
| **Habit Tracking** | Daily habits, streak tracking, visual calendar, and progress analytics |
| **Quick Capture** | global commands, templates, and automated task creation |
| **Filtering & Search** | Advanced in-editor filtering, vault-wide search, saved queries, and custom perspectives |
| **Gamification** | Achievement rewards, custom milestones, and motivational feedback |

For detailed feature documentation, visit [taskgenius.md](https://taskgenius.md).

---

## Installation

### Community Plugin (Recommended)
1. Open Obsidian Settings
2. Navigate to Community Plugins
3. Search for "Task Genius"
4. Click Install, then Enable

### Manual Installation
1. Download the latest release from [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/Quorafind/Obsidian-Task-Genius/releases)
2. Extract files to `.obsidian/plugins/Obsidian-Task-Genius/`
3. Enable the plugin in Obsidian settings

---

## Quick Start

1. **Enable Plugin**: Activate Task Genius in your plugin settings
2. **Open Task View**: Click the ribbon icon or use Command Palette
3. **Create First Task**: Type `- [ ] My first task` in any note
4. **Explore Views**: Switch between different view modes to find your preferred workflow

---

## Community & Support

### Discord Community
Join our active community for help, tips, and feature discussions:
**[Task Genius Discord](https://discord.gg/ARR2rHHX6b)**

### Resources
- [Complete Documentation](https://taskgenius.md)
- [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/Quorafind/Obsidian-Task-Genius/issues)
- [Feature Requests](https://github.com/Quorafind/Obsidian-Task-Genius/discussions)

---

## Support the Project

Task Genius is developed with passion and dedication. If you find it valuable, consider supporting its continued development:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/boninall" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a coffee&emoji=☕&slug=boninall&button_colour=6495ED&font_colour=ffffff&font_family=Inter&outline_colour=000000&coffee_colour=FFDD00" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height="50">
  </a>
</div>

Your support enables faster development, better documentation, and priority feature implementation.

Commit message:

docs: update documentation with CLA and license information
- Add CLA section to DEVELOPMENT.md with contributor guidelines
- Update README.md with license information and version badge
- Add reference to FSL-1.1-ALv2 license
- Clarify component reusability for developers

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="media/task-genius.webp" alt="Task Genius Logo" width="300">

  **The Ultimate Task Management Plugin for Obsidian**

  [![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-8.9.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/Quorafind/Obsidian-Task-Genius)
  [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1382008288706695229?color=7289da&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/ARR2rHHX6b)

  [Documentation](https://taskgenius.md) • [Installation](#installation) • [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/ARR2rHHX6b)
</div>

---

## Overview

Task Genius transforms Obsidian into a powerful task management system with advanced features, beautiful visualizations, and seamless workflow integration - all while preserving Obsidian's philosophy of plain-text, future-proof note-taking.

---

## Core Features

| Feature | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| **Task Management** | Visual progress bars, status cycling, bulk operations, and smart task hierarchies |
| **Date & Priority** | Calendar integration, recurring tasks, multiple date types, and visual priority indicators |
| **View Modes** | Inbox, Forecast, Projects, Tags, Calendar, Gantt charts, Kanban boards |
| **Workflows** | Multi-stage workflows with automatic timestamping, templates, and process tracking |
| **Habit Tracking** | Daily habits, streak tracking, visual calendar, and progress analytics |
| **Quick Capture** | global commands, templates, and automated task creation |
| **Filtering & Search** | Advanced in-editor filtering, vault-wide search, saved queries, and custom perspectives |
| **Gamification** | Achievement rewards, custom milestones, and motivational feedback |

For detailed feature documentation, visit [taskgenius.md](https://taskgenius.md).

---

## Installation

### Community Plugin (Recommended)
1. Open Obsidian Settings
2. Navigate to Community Plugins
3. Search for "Task Genius"
4. Click Install, then Enable

### Manual Installation
1. Download the latest release from [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/Quorafind/Obsidian-Task-Genius/releases)
2. Extract files to `.obsidian/plugins/Obsidian-Task-Genius/`
3. Enable the plugin in Obsidian settings

---

## Quick Start

1. **Enable Plugin**: Activate Task Genius in your plugin settings
2. **Open Task View**: Click the ribbon icon or use Command Palette
3. **Create First Task**: Type `- [ ] My first task` in any note
4. **Explore Views**: Switch between different view modes to find your preferred workflow

---

## Community & Support

### Discord Community
Join our active community for help, tips, and feature discussions:
**[Task Genius Discord](https://discord.gg/ARR2rHHX6b)**

### Resources
- [Complete Documentation](https://taskgenius.md)
- [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/Quorafind/Obsidian-Task-Genius/issues)
- [Feature Requests](https://github.com/Quorafind/Obsidian-Task-Genius/discussions)

---

## Support the Project

Task Genius is developed with passion and dedication. If you find it valuable, consider supporting its continued development:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/boninall" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a coffee&emoji=☕&slug=boninall&button_colour=6495ED&font_colour=ffffff&font_family=Inter&outline_colour=000000&coffee_colour=FFDD00" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height="50">
  </a>
</div>

Your support enables faster development, better documentation, and priority feature implementation.

## License

[FSL-1.1-ALv2](./LICENSE)

Feel free to use any part in the `src/components`, such as the Inline Markdown Editor or the Kanban component.
